Improve Google Cast documentation (#17361)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/cast.markdown

ha_zeroconf: true
---

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Support for mDNS discovery in your local network is mandatory. Make sure that your router has this feature enabled. This is even required if you entered the IP addresses of the Cast devices are manually in the configuration as mentioned below.

{% include integrations/option_flow.md %}
{% configuration_basic %}

> Known hosts:
>   description: "A comma separated list of host names or IP-addresses of cast devices, use if mDNS discovery is not working"
> Allowed UUIDs:
>   description: A comma separated list of UUIDs of Cast devices to add to Home Assistant. **Use only if you don't want to add all available devices.** The device won't be added until discovered through either mDNS or if it's included in the list of known hosts. In order to find the UUID for your device use a mDNS browser or advanced users can use the following Python command (adjust friendly names as required) - `python3 -c "import pychromecast; print(pychromecast.get_listed_chromecasts(friendly_names=['Living Room TV', 'Bedroom TV', 'Office Chromecast']))`. This option is only visible if advanced mode is enabled in your user profile.
> Ignore CEC:
>   description: A comma separated list of Chromecasts that should ignore CEC data for determining the
>         active input. [See the upstream documentation for more information.](https://github.com/balloob/pychromecast#ignoring-cec-data). This option is only visible if advanced mode is enabled in your user profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Known hosts:
  description: "A comma-separated list of hostnames or IP-addresses of cast devices, use if mDNS discovery is not working"
Allowed UUIDs:
  description: A comma-separated list of UUIDs of Cast devices to add to Home Assistant. **Use only if you don't want to add all available devices.** The device won't be added until discovered through either mDNS or if it's included in the list of known hosts. In order to find the UUID for your device use a mDNS browser or advanced users can use the following Python command (adjust friendly names as required) - `python3 -c "import pychromecast; print(pychromecast.get_listed_chromecasts(friendly_names=['Living Room TV', 'Bedroom TV', 'Office Chromecast']))`. This option is only visible if advanced mode is enabled in your user profile.
Ignore CEC:
  description: A comma-separated list of Chromecasts that should ignore CEC data for determining the
        active input. [See the upstream documentation for more information.](https://github.com/balloob/pychromecast#ignoring-cec-data). This option is only visible if advanced mode is enabled in your user profile.
```

        - url: "https://tilos.hu/images/kockalogo.png"
```

## Cast devices and Home Assistant on different subnets

Cast devices can only be automatically discovered if they are on the same subnet as Home Assistant.
Setups with cast devices on a different subnet than Home Assistant are not recommended and not supported.
If this is not possible, it's necessary to either enable mDNS forwarding between the subnets or to provide a list of known hosts.

### Docker

> When running Home Assistant Core in a [Docker container](/docs/installation/docker/), the command line option `--net=host` or the compose file equivalent `network_mode: host` must be used to put it on the host's network, otherwise the Home Assistant Core will not be able to connect to any Cast device.

Reviewer: Home Assistant does not support running without host networking at all. This should not have to be part of our documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Home Assistant Container

When running the [Home Assistant Container](/installation/linux#install-home-assistant-container) in Docker, make sure it is running with host network mode. Running without it is not supported by the Home Assistant project, and will cause this integration to be unable to discover to your Cast devices.
```
